feat(performance): Add `tracesSampleRate` and `tracesSampler` to JS docs (#2376)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/configuration/filtering.mdx

> When the SDK creates an event or breadcrumb for transmission, that transmission is typically created from some sort of source object. For instance, an error event is typically created from a log record or exception instance. For better customization, SDKs send these objects to certain callbacks (`before-send`, `before-breadcrumb` or the event processor system in the SDK).

Author: Yes. This is part that I didn't work on, so I didn't catch it. Fixed.

: For breadcrumbs created from HTTP requests done via the legacy `XMLHttpRequest` API. This holds the original xhr object.

<PlatformContent includePath="configuration/decluttering" />

## Sampling Error Events

> To send a representative sample of your errors to Sentry, set the `sampleRate` option in your SDK configuration to a number between `0` (0% of errors sent) and `1` (100% of errors sent). This is a static rate, which will apply equally to all errors. For example, to sample 25% of your errors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send a representative sample of your errors to Sentry, set the `sampleRate` option in your SDK configuration to a number between `0` (0% of errors sent) and `1` (100% of errors sent). This is a static rate, which will apply equally to all errors. Since the error sample rate is not dynamic, changing it requires re-deployment. In addition, setting an SDK sample rate limits visibility into the source of events. Setting a rate limit for your project (which only drops events when volume is high) may better suit your needs.

For example, to sample 25% of your errors:
```

<PlatformContent includePath="configuration/sample-rate" />

<Note><markdown>

> The error sample rate is not dynamic; changing it requires re-deployment. In addition, setting an SDK sample rate limits visibility into the source of events. Setting a rate limit for your project (which only drops events when volume is high) may better suit your needs.

Reviewer: delete, to include in the above content

</markdown></Note>

<PlatformSection supported={["javascript", "node"]}><markdown>

## Filtering Transaction Events

> To prevent certain transactions from being reported to Sentry, use the `tracesSampler` configuration option, which allows you to provide a function to evaluate the current transaction and drop it if it's not one you want. (It also allows you to sample different transactions at different rates.) In its simplest form, used just for filtering, it looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tracesSampler` configuration option allows you to provide a function that evaluates the current transaction and drops it if it's not one you want. This option thus prevents certain transactions from being reported to Sentry. It also allows you to sample different transactions at different rates. **Note:** The `tracesSampler` and `tracesSampleRate` config options are mutually exclusive. If you define a `tracesSampler` to filter out certain transactions, you must also handle the case of non-filtered transactions by returning the rate at which you'd like them sampled.

In its simplest form, used just for filtering, it looks like this:
```

```javascript
tracesSampler: samplingContext => {
  if ("...") {
    return 0; // Drop this transaction, by setting its sample rate to 0%
  } else {
    return 0.2; // Default sample rate for all others (replaces tracesSampleRate )
  }
};
```

<Note><markdown>

> The `tracesSampler` and `tracesSampleRate` config options are mutually exclusive. If you define a `tracesSampler` in order to filter out certain transactions, you must also handle the case of non-filtered transactions, by returning the rate at which you'd like them sampled.

Reviewer: delete, and incorporate above.

</markdown></Note>

To learn more about the `tracesSampler` option, please see [Sampling Transactions](/platforms/javascript/performance/sampling/).

</markdown></PlatformSection>

## Sampling Transaction Events

> For Sentry's Performance Monitoring, we recommend sampling your data for two reasons. First, though capturing a single trace involves minimal overhead, capturing traces for every single page load, or every single API request, has the potential to add an undesirable amount of load to your system. Second, by enabling sampling you’ll more easily prevent yourself from exceeding your organization’s [event quota](/accounts/quotas/).

Reviewer: We're moving away from language regarding quota
```suggestion
For Sentry's Performance Monitoring, we recommend sampling your data for two reasons. First, though capturing a single trace involves minimal overhead, capturing traces for every single page load, or every single API request, has the potential to add an undesirable amount of load to your system. Second, by adjusting sampling you can better manage the number of events sent to Sentry to suit your organization's needs.
```
